Create unit test for template (#24)
nimblehq/gin-templates: README.md

## Get Started

### Prerequisite

- [Python interpreter](https://docs.python.org/3/using/index.html)
- Cookiecutter
  - Mac: `brew install cookiecutter`
  - Ubuntu: `brew install cookiecutter`
- Go version >= 1.15

## Usage

- Download **latest** version of gin-templates.
  ```
  go get github.com/nimblehq/gin-templates
  ```

- Build the binary file.
  ```
  go build -o $GOPATH/bin/nimble-gin github.com/nimblehq/gin-templates
  ```

> - Create the project from a template on a **main** branch.

Reviewer: English-wise, it still could be better:

```suggestion
- Create the project using gin-templates. Note that the **main** branch is used.
```

Later on, when the wiki is added, the content could be enhanced with thee following:

```suggestion
- Create the project using gin-templates. Note that the **main** branch is used by default. Refer to [this wiki page](REPLACE WITH LINK TO WIKI PAGE) for instructions on how to use a different branch.
```

Author: Fixed in f025cbc28da3533a347467ed4e806b511ee97c7c

  ```
- Build the binary file.
  ```
  go build -o $GOPATH/bin/nimble-gin github.com/nimblehq/gin-templates
  ```
- Create the project from a template on a **main** branch.

>   ```

Reviewer 2: Can we add an empty line before it?

Author: Sure. Fixed in e6e50849fc249d06e49250271c2d33233b3f1001

  ```
- Build the binary file.
  ```
  go build -o $GOPATH/bin/nimble-gin github.com/nimblehq/gin-templates
  ```

> - Create the project from a template on a specifying branch.

Reviewer: Not correct grammatically:

```suggestion
- Create the project from a template on a specific branch.
```

Author: Fixed in 2a50e67df6f4112a5236c6eba238a736dacc2df9.
I think if we decide to keeping general use case then specific/specifying should be changed to `main` (which is the default git branch)

  ```
  nimble-gin -b {{git branch}} create
  ```

>   **Note:** `-b` can be omitted, branch will be `main` by default.

Reviewer: I recommend keeping the general use case by default in the README. Then in the wiki, there can be additional options detailed. So I recommend to revert this change and add wiki page to explain all options.

Author: Fixed in 2a50e67df6f4112a5236c6eba238a736dacc2df9.
I created a new issue to add command's flags information in https://github.com/nimblehq/gin-templates/issues/26

- Follow the instructions in the terminal.
- Your new application is created 🎉 .

## Test

Execute all unit tests:

```sh

> BRANCH={{git branch}} make test

Reviewer: Just like above, the README should focus on the common use case. This can be moved to the wiki.

Author: Fixed in 2a50e67df6f4112a5236c6eba238a736dacc2df9.
I created a new issue to add command's flags information in https://github.com/nimblehq/gin-templates/issues/26
